Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-sqs.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the SQS service
* Docker for your system to run SQS locally for testing purposes

=== Provision SQS locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with SQS is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision SQS locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of SQS manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of SQS manually, first start a localstack container:
```
